docs: improve readme file (#23)
CheesecakeLabs/soroban-dapps: dapps-profiling/readme.md

  // Add Validation Cloud API Key if desired
});
```

2. **Comet Profiling**:
   - **Path**: `./src/profilings/comet-dex`
   - **Function**: `cometDexProfiling`

>    - **Description**: Compares the performance all Comet method transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Description**: Logs the performance and resources used in all Comet contracts transactions.
```

To run a use case, import its entry function in the main index file (`./src/index.ts`) and execute it with the required arguments.

> ### Example: Running the Assets Profiling Use Case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example: Running the Comet Profiling Use Case
```

```javascript
import { StellarPlus } from "stellar-plus";
import { cometDexProfiling } from "./profilings/comet-dex";

cometDexProfiling({
  nUsers: 5,
  network: StellarPlus.Constants.testnet,
});
```

3. **Liquidity Pool Profiling**:
   - **Path**: `./src/profilings/liquidity-pool`
   - **Function**: `liquidityPoolProfiling`

>    - **Description**: Compares the performance all Comet method transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Description**: Compares the performance of all liquidity pool method transactions.
```

   - [Readme for Assets Profiling](./src/profilings/tokens/readme.md)

To run a use case, import its entry function in the main index file (`./src/index.ts`) and execute it with the required arguments.

> ### Example: Running the Assets Profiling Use Case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example: Running the Liquidity Pool Profiling Use Case
```
